welcome to my first
and it comes to my first
Video
So to a first video channel video
Today I show you as you
and pc or laptop with your ipod stone
coming
oh so
you go to the app store
gives logmein
on
and there we see the first one I already have
Installed
then click as well as install
of the free
and after you have installed it
the
video in the app
and
then you have to keep your account
I create now for my account
I go now with my account
short
Yes
I go with my account
and
and after you have logged in
So after having registered and logged in
have
you must
as a pc from vienna
with me I already have it
selected
and
the tip out like that you can
on the internet I say that now
so
here is the same as in the app store
on
logmein
you have to go here
easy here the first remote access and
remote
administration for computers
and
Yes
but the student here
after you log in
So this is your computer
computer name stands
this computer must pass this
use computer or another
Add computer
and yes there must be on this computer
use
then print
yes then loads the whole first
and
how can go back to iphone now
Yes
then you have on bottom left
subject
thick on this link on this pc and
this team
and now
now a little bit
but
and
I forgot to say after you
a computer has always been selected
a neck you have a password
think of all access code
and yes I admit now times no
after you sign up
got to
a screen will emerge so
a laptop
It was a bit of a wait
eat
Yes
still
and now the same has to com
it takes a long time
now too
yes and here
controlled now
my laptop
you see I'm controlling the ipod
Fandel
you see your capital open
and yes that's it
if you liked the video
Subscribe
thumbs up for the net
Yes
ciao